DOC-1742 Cloning auth service and gateway service files (#410)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/cenm/1.5/deployment-kubernetes.md

## Network operations

Use the CENM [Command Line Interface (CLI) Tool](cenm-cli-tool.md) to access the [Gateway Service](../../corda-enterprise/4.7/node/gateway-service.md) from your local machine.

> To star CENM CLI Tool run Docker command starting Docker container with the tool:

Reviewer: I think this sentence would be clearer with articles added.
```suggestion
To start the CENM CLI Tool, run Docker command starting a Docker container with the tool:
```
